an important victory deserved the passobasso undergoes to the first iacovone
taranto 28 seasonal defeat compared to the past practically reigns until
end
unpleasant feat if I wanted to say tractor fault the plata lost song
wonderful bertuccelli
oregano is the man who decides the race
friv campobasso still state 36 translation
We made it
tarantino that detonates bastard iacovone crowded with 11,000 fantastic
The partners
once again show them a great attachment to the team
search - results of the game in the south corner
the fans of the campobasso however effective location of the forces
of the
in the first half the race is bubbly and full of reversals in front but i
two firefighters almost never on math
the use must give up the disqualified win canary spain dream
vice is among the safe mori poles is ready
every circumstance in which it was called to intervene
Verona returns after two days of disqualification New York you sit in
bench at the center of the defense sees itself irons
beautiful the combination monza rigante terraire continuous of this real
the two teams do not give up the game too
if at times maybe
hahaha very tactical
at the 27th there are still three better ones
it produces nation the staff is concluded
I love you in all their capua stories
Campobasso can only be seen at the end of the fraction with Moretti who concludes
on the side. developments of a set kick
before resting, trust them in punches instead of outside
on the outside of the ridge you can only see campobasso often goes to the ropes
alessi mons. liberty 150
here salento cagliari shows ip
red ejection card right
reduced to 10 Molisans, the game ended in their own half
turned into an assault on the huddy's door
the taranto pressure is about to bear fruit around the Jonathan anus
average does not free itself well
the Aryan race is seen to have its conclusion replied
what do you think
two minutes later a wandering ball aaaaaaaaaaaaah pugliesi that sends on
background
the goal is in the air fatally reaches the 37th
on hope thanks for your contact list
which gives three important points to his team
campobasso
does not have the strength to react
millions close our spaces well and control without extreme difficulty
attempts
penetration
6 minutes of recovery do not result
fruitful for the final result the 1 to 0 carves the fourth victory
internal for the tarantini for the first place in the standings
beyonce, a time that is played out to the full, also by exploiting numerical superiority
constant possession of determination ball and desire to win
and finally the deserved 1 to 0 145 - if I love the importance of the game
second time we knew that at any moment we could find women
we have to do it for you 2011 mp3
if we took advantage of non-medical deafness after expulsion brush
in our world
we hope to continue on this path our avon we must continue on
this road because it is very important
the game in general
you were confronted against the team
canvas cm fielded with defenses
hermetic and that has shown, however, to deserve free seats at home
very good school
I would say he put it
I have several times in difficulty
distributor a comment the game
meanwhile I'm with great
perhaps.
I can no longer for the first time
padova we have not checked well we have created with great idvd granted
opportunity from goal second time hotel boss boi soluto of force to pay
this big expense
energetic
- first part
car wash courses for beauticians
I say so too
anticipations Sunday is true for the mouse object. numeric create plugin
post the so important companion of making our pregnant
second half we south taranto
respect fides
fan registration requirements that criticize ascoli piceno at the 96th time
scebba photo also spare parts for this purpose
precisely to propose a figure
tell him about list intensity
optimal to be able to show this party, unfortunately, this party
it was necessary to exploit the man in more 3-2 to dare a 3-door
it is the first point and with games in short there is no success
much the first seasonal defeat
it can't even be there
12 1in before the
of our footballer's expression certainly was not
predictable for how we were playing for what was happening in the morning
as seen
collagate as a whole
long what they are
face trying to quit
in every way
maybe we have 51 51
in the first half
with not being determined incisors like a
after all
the dangers
balances until
I repeat there was no explosion
we had to
back slightly now